Short circuit let us see.
See if I'm writing a condition A greater than B and A greater than C, logical oppression used is &.
Let us understand what a short circuit see AND will be true if both are true.
If anyone is false then entire result is false.
Suppose this A is not a greater than B that is a 3 and B is a 5.
So this would be false and if this is false this condition will not be checked.
That condition will not be checked.
So this is called us short circuit and the same way.
If I write A greater than B, OR A greater than C, now it is combined with OR, so when OR will be true?
if any one of the condition is true then it will be true.
So If suppose this is five and this is two and then this condition would be true.
And once this is true it will not check this condition because one condition should be true that is
sufficient.
No it will check the rest if it is checked also.
The result is true only.
So this mechanism done by the compiler is short circuit.
I will take one example and show you if I have three variables  A is five and B is seven and C is three
and I is five.
If I say if A greater than B and plus plus i less than B. Now let us see, this is five and this is
7.
So this is false.
This is false.
So it will not check this condition.
after this if I print Cout i then what may be the value of i when this is not performed.
So plus plus i will not be done so i remains 5 only and the result will be 5.
If suppose A is  15 then it will check this condition 15 greater than 7 Yes.
It is true then it comes here and it will also check the condition, so while checking the condition
it will perform plus plus.
So this becomes six and whatever the result is six is less than seven so it will bring the value of
i
That is six.
So the point here is that in the second part of the conditional statement never use increment or decrement
operator  they may get executed or they may not get excecuted